+++
title = "A November 2024 Update"
date = "2024-11-12T16:51:07-06:00"
+++

I posted a "Hello World" on this blog eighteen months ago (almost exactly).
I'm finally ready to post a sequel.

"Write more" and "write in public" have been goals of mine for a long time.
I've tinkered with my blog, I've thought about writing, I've done a lot of
work except for the kind of work that matters, which is _actually write and
publish_. This post is me taking a concrete step in the right direction. I am
writing, and I am publishing.

In the summer of 2024 I started an email newsletter. Many people I respect
have email newsletters and publish regularly, without fail. I've called my
newsletter Rarefied Err, and it's available
[here](https://newsletter.rarefiederr.io/). If you look at the
[archive](https://newsletter.rarefiederr.io/archive/) you'll notice that it's
not in much better shape than this blog - there's an introduction and a single
"real" post, published five months ago.

I was proud of myself for getting that real post out the door and into the
world (into people's email inboxes). It's the first post in a series. That was
the intent, anyway. I've drafted a few of the followup posts but have yet to
publish them.

When I shared that I was starting a newsletter, I was really flattered by the
positive reception - almost forty people subscribed after I shared it on
LinkedIn. What I hadn't expected was the pressure I would feel as a result,
knowing that when I hit "Publish" on the newsletter posts, they'd get placed
directly into the inboxes of my friends and colleagues. People I respect.
People whose time I don't want to waste.

For the last five months, even as I have (truly) written more, privately, I
haven't published anything I've written. This post is me making an attempt to
change this. Unlike the newsletter, this blog "goes to" no one - if you find
it, you can read it, but I'm not "pushing" new posts to anyone. That fact
helps me feel less pressure about quality, novelty, frequency, whatever.

I intend to keep the email newsletter. I would like to experiment with using
both blog and newsletter - I like the idea of writing blog posts as a
low-stakes way to put some thoughts out into the world and develop my opinion
on a topic, and then later write and publish a more substantial newsletter
issue based on blog posts. Maybe I will find that I don't need both, or maybe
I will find that I want to keep them more separate from one another.

But today, I publish something, and that feels good.
